What? Me?
I'm really broke
What to say husband, we are really broke
Husband, speak up
Get lost. How can I go broke?
This must be a fake job
I told you.
There's a heavy price to pay for provoking us
Bankruptcy is your own creation
Who are you and why are you trying to hurt me?
What did you do?
No one wants to hurt you
At the headmaster it's all you have to complain about
Be careful to hit me
You don't deserve Xu Zhengyue
Dare to provoke Mr. Long
Ate ambition leopard gall
Dragon guards you
Are you really the Dragon Guard Xu Zhengyi?
We now calculate the general ledger
You're going to bankrupt me?
What else do you want from me?
Humiliation
Humiliate my wife and children
You think I can pretend nothing happened
Have you? What do you want?
I'm telling you, it's illegal for me to hit anyone